Story Outline
Opening Narration (Appears after hitting new game on the main menu)

The year is 25XX. Interstellar exploration has become the norm for mankind. Many planets have since been colonized by humans, and traveling between them has become a daily routine for the everyday person.
Alex, a young man struggling with both a difficult life on his home planet of Lumos, has recently received a message from his older brother Ben, who has recently built a new life on the nearby planet of Tartarus, and asks for Alex to meet him there.
Unfortunately, due to his extensive criminal record, Alex is repeatedly denied permission to leave the planet until his debts are paid off. In spite of this, he remains determined to reach his brother and start with a fresh state.
Learning of the Zephyr, a cargo ship bound for the planet, Alex sneaks on board, unbeknownst of the secrets that lay within…

First Floor (Cargo Bay and Cafeteria)
Dialogue 1 (Plays upon loading into the first level)
Alex: Man, sneaking in here was way easier than I ever could have guessed. At this rate, I’ll be on Tartarus in no time!
(The lights shut off, and the sound of the ship coming to a halt can be heard.)
Alex: What the? Did the power just go out?
Alex: …
Alex: The ship just stopped. That’s not good.
Alex: I can’t let anyone know I’m here, but I need to figure out what’s going on.
Alex: I’ll just take a quick look around. Hopefully no one’s nearby.

Dialogue 2 (Plays when running into the closed doors)
Alex: Great. Doors won’t open. I’ll need to find some way of getting the power back on if I want to get out of here.

Dialogue 3 (Plays when stepping on a certain square in the top right room)
Alex: What’s this? Some kind of tablet?
ADA: Greetings, user!
Alex: Gah! What the!?
ADA: I am ADA, your personal Automatis Device Actuator unit. How may I assist you today?
Alex: Uh, hi. Do you have any idea what’s going on? The ship just stopped randomly.
ADA: It appears that I no longer have any connection to the ship’s mainframe. We will need to reestablish connection to the if we wish to restore power to the ship.
Alex: Alright, but the way out is locked. How are we supposed to get you hooked back up if we can’t even get out of here?
ADA: Not to worry. I am equipped with the necessary information regarding restoration of ship functionality. Simply bring me to wherever there appears to be a malfunction and I will assist you in the process of repairing it.

Dialogue 4 (Plays when running into the closed doors with ADA)
Alex: Aren’t these doors supposed to open automatically when the power goes out?
ADA: I’m afraid not. Those Security Simulation games that have gotten quite popular recently are sadly not congruent with real world technology.
Alex: Alright. Well, let’s see if we can’t get this thing working.
ADA: Very well then. Attach me to the door and I will guide you through the process of repairing the power circuit.

(First puzzle happens here, the door can be opened after it is completed.)

Dialogue 5 (Plays after finishing the door puzzle)
Alex: Well, that wasn’t that too difficult.
ADA: Indeed. Now let us proceed on.

Dialogue 6 (Plays when reaching the light puzzle)
Alex: Looks like this is the control room.
ADA: Excellent. Let us repair this circuit as well.

Dialogue 7 (Plays after finishing the light puzzle, lights will turn back on)
Alex: Did that do it?
ADA: No, only the power on this floor has been successfully restored.
Alex: So I guess we’ll have to do this again with the other floor, right?
ADA: Correct.
Alex: Alright, then let’s get moving.

Dialogue 8 (Plays when standing on the table with the note)
Alex: What’s this? Some kind of note.
Alex: Something about “Dr. Ryan Andrews” and an experiment he’s been working on…
Alex: I should hang on to this. Might give us some insight as to what’s going on here.
	(Note table is replaced by regular table, acting like it has been collected.)

Dialogue 9 (Plays when reaching the second door puzzle)
Alex: Another locked door.
ADA: We can repair this the same way as before.

Dialogue 10 (Plays after finishing the second door puzzle, shows a creature walking down the hall)
Alex: Gasp! What the hell is that thing?!
ADA: It appears to be some sort of specimen.
Alex: Yeah, I got that part, but what is it?!
ADA: It doesn’t seem to match anything within my database. Perhaps it is the source of the motion detected earlier.
ADA: Until we can confirm more, it is best to remain cautious. This specimen could be dangerous.
Alex: What should we do? It’s standing right in front of where we need to go!
ADA: Just to our right is the cafeteria. If we can trigger the fire alarm, that should distract the specimen and allow us to pass by unnoticed.
Alex: Alright, let’s try it.

Dialogue 11 (Play after finishing the fire alarm puzzle, alarm begin playing, creature runs and stays on alarm square)
Alex: Yes! That did it!
ADA: Let us move to the next floor while it is currently distracted.

Second Floor (Electrical Bay)
Dialogue 12 (Plays upon entering the second level)
ADA: We are now in the electrical bay.
Alex: Great. Power’s out here too.
ADA: Yes. If we can restore power to this floor, it should restore power to the rest of the ship.
ADA: However, I would exercise caution. Additional motion has been detected in this sector.
Alex: More of those creatures?
ADA: The possibility is present.
Alex: Then let’s be careful.

Dialogue 13 (Plays when standing on the square with the gun)
Alex: What’s this? Some kind of broken gun?
ADA: It appears to be a military grade level paralyser pistol.
Alex: … So a stun gun?
Alex: Actually, do you think if we fix this thing, we could use it against those creatures?
ADA: Perhaps.
Alex: Then what are we waiting for? Let’s get this baby working again!

Dialogue 14 (Plays after finishing the gun puzzle, stun gun is now usable)
Alex: Yeah! Now we’re talking!
ADA: Just remember, this weapon has a limited number of charges. It should be used only when necessary.
Alex: Good point. I’ll keep that in mind.
(A text box explains how to use the gun)

Dialogue 15 (Plays after finishing the light puzzle, lights turn on)
Alex: Did that do it?
ADA: Yes. Ship power is now fully restored.
Alex: Awesome! Does that mean the ship will start moving again?
ADA: No. In order for the ship to begin flying, we will need to reactivate the ship's engines using the control from the flight deck at the top level.
Alex: Then that’s where we’re headed.


Dialogue 16 (Plays when standing on the table with the note)
Alex: Another Note?
Alex: This one is talking about those creatures. They were genetically engineered right here on this ship.
Alex: I should keep looking for more of these.
(Note table is replaced by regular table, acting like it has been collected.)

Dialogue 17 (Plays when standing on the square with the rc car)
Alex: An RC Car? Really? Who brought this on with them?
Alex: Wait a second. Maybe this could be used to distract those creatures.
Alex: Wouldn’t hurt to try it at least.
(After finishing the puzzle, a text box explains how to use the rc car)

Third Floor (Life Support Sector)
Dialogue 18 (Plays upon entering the third level)
Alex: Hah. Hah. What… what’s going on. Hard… to breathe.
ADA: Oxygen levels reaching dangerously low levels. The life support systems on this floor must have been affected by the power outage.
ADA: Repairing the life support should be our top priority. The circuits should be straight ahead and to the left.
ADA: But be careful. More of those unknown specimens may be here as well.

Dialogue 19 (Plays after finishing all three life support puzzles)
Alex: Choking Cough
ADA: Oxygen levels returning to safe levels. Are you alright?
Alex: Yeah, I’m fine. That was way too close.
Alex: Alright, let’s get back to finding those flight controls.

Dialogue 20 (Plays when standing on the table with the note, can’t be interacted with while the life support is down)
Alex: Another note.
Alex: Says the creatures refused the food samples they were being given. But if that’s the case, then…
Alex: …!
Alex: I have to tell the IPPD about this. I can’t let him get away with this. 
(Note table is replaced by regular table, acting like it has been collected.)

Fourth Floor (Upper Flight Deck)
Dialogue 18 (Plays upon entering the final level)
Alex: This is it. The top level.
ADA: Indeed. The flight deck will be located here, along with the escape pods, engine systems, and system mainframe.
Alex: Wait! Did you say escape pods?
ADA: Correct. They are located just down the hall.
Alex: Finally, that’s my way out of this mess.
Alex: But hold on. If I just bail now, I’ll never make it to Ben. They’ll never let me step foot off Lumos again.
Alex: If I get the controls working, I could fly right to Tartarus myself. It’ll be like I was never here to begin with.
Alex: Then again, the longer I stay here, the longer I have to deal with those creatures. Is that really a risk I’m willing to take?
Alex: What should I do?

(Endings are displayed the same way the opening narration was, as a wall of text over the main menu graphic)
Ending One (escape pod was interacted with)
Alex, in a desperate attempt to escape the terrifying situation they found themselves in, climbed into the nearest escape pod and quickly ejected from the ship, abandoning both ADA and the Zephyr to be overrun by the creatures. 
They soon crash landed back onto the planet Lumos, where their pod was quickly picked up by the Interplanetary Police Department, who were currently investigating why the ship had failed to reach its destination. Believing Alex was responsible for the incident, he was arrested.
Just like Alex had been worried about, he would never be allowed to leave the planet ever again.

Ending Two (All three controls puzzles finished, at least one note was still active)
Alex, despite the lingering threat of the creatures within the halls, was successfully able to repair the ship’s power and controls. With ADA now fully reconnected to the system, the Zephyr resumed its flight towards the planet Tartarus, leaving Lumos as nothing more than a fading sight.
Not wanting the creatures to be let loose on the planet, Alex stopped the ship well before it could land, instead taking one of the escape pods down to the planet’s surface. By the time the Interplanetary Police Department located both the ship and the pod, Alex was nowhere to be found, having been picked up by his brother well before.
Just like Alex had been hoping for, he was now able to start his life anew.

Ending Three (All three controls puzzles finished, all three notes are no longer active)
Alex, despite the lingering threat of the creatures within the halls, was successfully able to repair the ship’s power and controls. With ADA now fully reconnected to the system, the Zephyr resumed its flight towards the planet Tartarus, leaving Lumos as nothing more than a fading sight.
Not wanting the creatures to be let loose on the planet, Alex stopped the ship well before it could land, instead taking one of the escape pods down to the planet’s surface. However, he decided to wait, wanting to relay to the Interplanetary Police Department what he had learned about what happened on the ship. With the truth discovered, Ryan Andrews was incarcerated, and Alex’s criminal record was wiped clean.
Even more than Alex could have expected, he was now able to start his life anew, better than ever before. 

Puzzle Dialogue (Objectives and item descriptions will always be displayed next to the actual puzzle, hint text will be hidden unless a button is pressed, which will appear underneath the other text until hidden again with the same button press.)
(When an enemy is within a certain amount of squares from the player, the text will be overlapped by another text box that says: W	ARNING: MOVEMENT DETECTED NEARBY)

Tutorial Dialogue (Plays when the first door puzzle begins, only displays during that puzzle, is displayed over all other messages until clicked past.)
ADA: Welcome to the Automatis Device Actuator Circuit Repair Interface, or ADACRI for short. In the tutorial, you will learn the necessary steps needed to repair and restore the circuit displayed on the right hand side of the screen. In order to complete the circuit, please click on the circuit components laid out next to the motherboard and drag them onto the correct location. Hovering your mouse over a component will provide an explanation of the functionality of the component.

Puzzle 1 & 3 (door)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to open the door.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 2 (first level light)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to restore power to the floor.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 4 (alarm)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to activate the fire alarm.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 5 (stun gun)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to repair the stun gun.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 6 (rc car)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to repair the RC Car.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 7 (second level light)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to restore power to the ship.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 8,9 & 10 (life support)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to reactivate the life support systems.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).

Puzzle 11,12 & 13 (ship control)
Complete the following ADACRI circuit to reactivate the Zephyrs controls.
I am able to provide assistance by pressing (button to show faded outlines).
